{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10920\viewh13660\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 Anti Redundancy Terminals\

\f1\b0 (work in progress), 2001-2003 \
 series of web based, networked kiosks. \
 artists, materials, & dimensions variable.\
\
 The Terminals are planned as a series of related works, where each will be a product of a invited collaboration between myself and one or more other artists who are already engaged in related projects. The idea is that each will become a full-scale interactive model for an alternate, art-related search engine. Ideally, a number these elements would be shown together in one space as a larger, networked project. The basic design, which serves as the point of departure for each terminal, is a combination of a web-based graphic interface, and a 3 dimensional physical interface (a kiosk) for viewers to engage. Fulfiling these requirements, each a.r.t. system may be co-designed in any number of configurations.\
\
 This project is a response to a growing sense among artists, that due to a proliferation of information via the web & cultural production at large, as well as a steadily increasing number of producing artists, it is becoming increasingly difficult to find novel or distinct ways of making art over which any one can claim sole ownership.\
\
 The issue of redundancy in database management & on the internet especially, is continually complicated and is often accompanied by anti-redundancy searches, software, and so on. But the Anti Rendundancy Terminal project is more concerned with instances of redundancy as they relate to the dual production of artist's work and professional identity.\
\
 An artist's recourse to being on the less fortunate end of a redundancy search (by themselves or others) can take several forms. One option is to continue searching for new and as yet unexploited material, forms, etc. Even so, or when this doesn't work, another strategy is to out-do the competition. From this perspective, it doesn't matter if others have or are currently working on projects similar to one's own... so long as one's own are better - that they outshine the accumulation of similar artworks by others.\
\
 Another option is to contact artists who are working similarly, and produce something together, allowing productive dialogue to develop hybrids of what each individual has to offer.}